https://youtu.be/u1jU6xilGQg?si=yPU04ezMmTMl3QhE


https://chatgpt.com/share/67650e96-54a0-8006-9841-120fc444bf04
https://chatgpt.com/share/67650ebe-9608-8006-a884-990331f6a39b
https://chatgpt.com/share/67650ed6-0034-8006-ace7-1c747e8e6bf1

questions :
implement serach bar adn do debouncing in react
form 
carasoul , dropdoenw , sidebar etc, ===> custom


Razorpay Interview Experience
Compensation: ~30L CTC
Position: SDE-1 (Frontend)
Application Mode: Referral

𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝟭: 𝗢𝗻𝗹𝗶𝗻𝗲 𝗔𝘀𝘀𝗲𝘀𝘀𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁
- Topics covered: sliding window, hashmaps, and string manipulation.
- One problem around optimizing subarray traversal with a character frequency constraint.
- One problem around finding the smallest valid substring satisfying multiple conditions.
- Edge cases around empty inputs and large constraints were specifically tested.

𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝟮: 𝗧𝗲𝗰𝗵𝗻𝗶𝗰𝗮𝗹 𝗣𝗵𝗼𝗻𝗲 𝗦𝗰𝗿𝗲𝗲𝗻
- JS fundamentals with a live coding component, questions had a clear payments context.
- Explain the prototype chain and how Razorpay's SDK can extend native objects without breaking merchant code.
- Write a custom implementation of Function.prototype.bind.
- Write a function that safely serializes user input before it touches the DOM, probing XSS awareness in payment forms.
- Follow-ups:
 - innerHTML vs createElement for script injection and why it matters on a checkout page.
 - Implement debounce and explain the risks of wrong timing on a payment form.
 - What happens between clicking "Pay Now" and the network request leaving the browser, event loop and microtasks included.

𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝟯: 𝗙𝗿𝗼𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗻𝗱 𝗠𝗮𝗰𝗵𝗶𝗻𝗲 𝗖𝗼𝗱𝗶𝗻𝗴
- Build an embeddable checkout widget dropped into any merchant site via a script tag.
- Renders inside an iframe, accepts config (amount, merchant name, theme) via a JS API, emits success/failure events to the parent page via postMessage.
- Follow-ups:
 - How do you prevent a malicious parent page from spoofing a payment success event?
 - Widget must load under 1 second on 3G, walk through bundle size and script loading strategy.
 - What breaks if the merchant's CSP restricts inline scripts or frame-src?
 - How do you expose razorpay.open() and razorpay.close() without polluting the merchant's global namespace?

𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝟰: 𝗛𝗶𝗿𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗠𝗮𝗻𝗮𝗴𝗲𝗿
- Focused on reliability and ownership when money is on the line.
- Walk through a bug you shipped to production, specifically what changed afterward.
- If checkout goes down during a high-traffic sale, what does your first 10 minutes look like?
- How does processing millions of transactions daily change the way you think about a frontend change?
- Closed with a debate on what "zero downtime" actually means for a frontend engineer.v







𝗣𝗵𝗼𝗻𝗲𝗣𝗲 𝗙𝗿𝗼𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗻𝗱 𝗜𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗿𝘃𝗶𝗲𝘄 𝗘𝘅𝗽𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗲𝗻𝗰𝗲 | 𝗨𝗜 𝗘𝗻𝗴𝗶𝗻𝗲𝗲𝗿 𝗜𝗜 | 𝗕𝗮𝗻𝗴𝗮𝗹𝗼𝗿𝗲 | 𝟯𝟱 𝗟𝗣𝗔
A colleague cleared PhonePe's frontend loop last month via Naukri.
4 rounds. Process took 3 weeks from screening to offer.
Here is the full breakdown 👇
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝟭 ▸ DSA (60 mins) | Easy to Medium
▸ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock (Easy)
▸ Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters (Medium)
▸ Two Sum with sorted array, two pointer approach (Easy)
After every solution: "What is the time complexity? Can you optimize further?"
💡 Write brute force first, then optimize out loud. They score your thinking, not just the answer.
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝟮 ▸ JavaScript Deep Dive (60 mins) | Medium to Hard
This is where most people got filtered.
▸ What does this print and why?
 for (var i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
  setTimeout(() => console.log(i), 1000)
 }
▸ Fix it two ways (let vs IIFE)
▸ Write debounce from scratch, no libraries
▸ Write Promise.all polyfill
▸ Explain event loop with a real example
PhonePe is a payments app. Security came up too.
▸ How do you prevent XSS in a form input?
▸ What is a Content Security Policy header and why does it matter?
💡 Security is not a bonus topic here. Every frontend candidate gets asked this.
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝟯 ▸ Machine Coding (75 mins) | Hard
Build a product search page in React from scratch.
▸ Fetch data from a mock API on load
▸ Debounced search input, no useEffect mistakes
▸ Filter by category, paginate results 10 per page
▸ Handle loading state and error state cleanly
No third party state libraries. Only React.
The interviewer watched how state was structured before a single line was written.
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
𝗥𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝟰 ▸ Managerial (45 mins)
Not just "tell me about yourself."
▸ Walk me through a frontend bug you fixed in production
▸ How do you decide when to refactor vs ship?
▸ Your team disagrees on an approach. What do you do?
▸ Design a component library for a fintech product at scale
